Mr. Harsh Kanojia.

My goal for pursuing an MBA was only to get a placement in one of the top companies, but I was assured when I saw the course structure of VES Business school which not only inculcates technical knowledge but also give numerous opportunities to pursue additional certification courses which have enhanced my resume and gave me an upper-hand against others.

The process of shaping and moulding students for the real world begins from Day 1 itself. The focus is to get ourselves ready to bag the best possible offer from the Industry. Institute provides numerous opportunities to interact with the industry personnel / functional heads to get a detailed idea about various job profiles being offered by the company/sector and also teaches us about competitors, status in market, functions, processes and other placements related information.

The Institute has a dedicated Training & Placement cell, which holds a responsible role in preparing and guiding us through the placement process and provide us with the needed training for a brighter future. The cell makes arrangements for interviews, pre-placement talks, group discussions and other placement related activities. It gives us the opportunity to improve our skills and knowledge, which not only encompasses academic skills but also includes transferable employability skills and specific technical skills, besides the competencies required for real-life work. Besides, it also increases our knowledge of the industry or sector, allowing us to make better-informed decisions when it comes to future career choices.

VESIM B-School encourages us to explore various placement opportunities by inviting companies for campus recruitment. The final placements at the Institute is a culmination of systematic and continued interaction with industry and enduring career counselling, as well as grooming of the students by mentors, alumni and the placement cell. The experience of industrialists, their expertise and the aspect of knowledge sharing are the high points of the career-counselling sessions. The underlying idea was to acquaint us with the companies, their culture, the domain, how they differentiated from their competitors, the job roles, growth rate, the expectations from students, the selection process, required skill sets and other aspects needed to build a lasting career.


The training and placement cell equips us to find and grab the right job profile for ourselves and get placed in esteemed positions in reputed companies. The placement cell works hard for shaping the career and professional life of every student through a systematic and sustained approach that launches us onto a meaningful career path. Our placement cell is assisted by a team of coordinators working in co-ordination with the faculty, alumni’s and industry experts to help students develop productivity and employability. Career guidance sessions from industry experts help us make informed choices regarding our careers.


I am glad that I chose VESIM Business School for my higher studies as the institute has top companies knocking on its door for hiring candidates in different Sectors of Management. The Institute has successfully managed to create and build campus-to-corporate connect for students through placement drives that act as a Launchpad for our prospective career.